#This sentence describes how to use the client to generate a graph.

= Introduction =

The graph client is a jar file in downloads [http://code.google.com/p/light-weight-graphing/downloads/detail?name=LightGraphClient.jar&can=2&q= LightGraphClient.jar]. The only requirement for this library is java 7. It is built using Mozilla Rhino and the lightgraph library. They are both included with the jar.

= Details =

==Starting the Program==

The program can be started as an executeable jar file.
{{{ java -jar LightGraphClient.jar }}}

==Loading Data==
To load data, use the file->"load columns" menu item. The select a file that is tab or space separated with the data organized in colums. Such as data that was saved from a lightgraph.Graph.

Each data file will have its own tab representing the file.

==Plot a Graph==

First go to add a line, now a row will appear at the bottom of the window. There are two fields, the first field is for x values and the second field is for y values. 

Enter an expression into the field that you would like to have evaluated for the x or y values. Columns are represented by 'c' and a nubmer for instance if I wanted to plot the x = first column vs y = x*x, then I can write:
{{{ c0 }}}
to get the x value and:
{{{c0*c0}}}

to calculate the y-value.

The expression evaluator, evaluates expressions as javascript so any function that is accessible in javascript is also accessible in these fields. For example if I wanted to plot the sin function.

{{{Math.sin(c0)}}}